JS tamil course added (#8322)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-ta.md

* [Javascript (ES6) Tutorials in Tamil](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB8qmogP8oMwFdeaeThAbsR9Vh-873SWb) - Coda - Programming In Tamil
* [Javascript Full Course in Tamil - in Depth Javascript Tutorials in Tamil](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpYn3LR7eQI3hjh129Bkqkw7onut28hTK) - Tamil Developer
* [JavaScript in Tamil](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL73Obo20O_7ihsIM5K-hHYPrcqkkdQcLa) - CyberDude Networks Pvt. Ltd.

> * [Learn JavaScript Full Course in Tamil](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyYcNnaAVG5IIyPjuzWOgqFxDORHqRN2W) - selva tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [JavaScript Crash Course From Scratch to Advanced in Tamil](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyYcNnaAVG5IIyPjuzWOgqFxDORHqRN2W) - selva tutorials
```
